#summary Change Log
#labels Featured

 * 0.8.2 "Top Artists by Albums" statistic, track ratings column (disabled by default, switch it on in the column menu), changes in cover art handling
 * 0.8.1 Insert after current track (hold ctrl while dropping items), performance improvements for cover display (needs >= LMS 7.8.0), misc. bugfixes 
 * 0.8 cover view (double click on a Album tab), improved picture viewer
 * 0.7.12 Discogs artist >100 releases, more columns configuration, minor visual touch-ups, bugfixes
 * 0.7.11 Discogs artist information, other small improvements
 * 0.7.10 Bugfixes
 * 0.7.9 Improved Discogs integration
 * 0.7.8 Discogs integration (see help), lyrics
 * 0.7.7 Application state (see help), other small improvements
 * 0.7.6 Improved LMS menu, global timeout settings
 * 0.7.5 LMS menu (see [http://forums.slimdevices.com/showthread.php?98186-Announce-Alternative-Web-Interface-(beta)&p=741647&viewfull=1#post741647 forum post]), Album statistics in Search/Albums, other small improvements
 * 0.7.0 Shuffle, custom search for albums, other small improvements
 * 0.6.9 Visual/layout tweaks, other small improvements
 * 0.6.8 Back button in search result panels/Preferences: some performance-related parameters can be changed
 * 0.6.7 Move tracks in playlist (still limited, needs more work) / Bugfixes (eg. empty playlist if players synchronized) / Minor other improvements (eg. start search with return key)
 * 0.6.6 Viewer for album-related images. See this [http://forums.slimdevices.com/showthread.php?98196-Other-Album-images-back-booklets-etc-Any-way-of-displaying-these&p=740123&viewfull=1#post740123 forum post]
 * 0.6.5 Support for favorites. Some bugfixes.
 * 0.6.4 Shorter startup time. Track context menu improved. New track context menu for left panels to display tags.
 * 0.6.3 A (experimental) track context menu is available by right-clicking on a track in the current playlist
 * 0.6.2 Set ratings / some bugfixes